Cold weather and snow can kill the new coronavirus.
Warmer weather will kill off COVID-19 virus.
Taking a hot bath prevents COVID-19 virus.
The new coronavirus can be transmitted through mosquito bites.
Hand dryers are effective in killing COVID-19.
An ultraviolet disinfection lamp can kill the new coronavirus.
Thermal scanners can detect people with the new coronavirus.
Vaccines against pneumonia protect against the new coronavirus.
Rinsing your nose with saline will help prevent a COVID-19 infection.
Eating garlic can help prevent a coronavirus infection.
COVID-19 only affects the elderly.
Antibiotics are effective in preventing and treating the new coronavirus.
There is no evidence (so far) to suggest cold weather can kill the novel coronavirus or other diseases.
The coronavirus can be transmitted in all areas, including hot and humid climates, says WHO.
Taking a hot bath will not prevent anyone from catching the COVID-19 virus as the normal body temperature remains around 36.5-37 degrees Celcius, regardless of the temperature of the bath or shower.
To date, there has been no information or evidence to suggest that the new coronavirus could be transmitted by mosquitoes, according to WHO. COVID-19 is a respiratory virus that spreads primarily through droplets generated when an infected person coughs or sneezes or through droplets of saliva or discharge from the nose.
Hand dryers are not effective in killing the new coronavirus.
UV lamps should not be used to sterilize hands or other areas of skin as UV radiation can cause skin irritation.
While thermal scanners are effective in detecting people who have developed a fever, they cannot detect people who are infected with the COVID-19 virus, but are not yet sick with fever, according to WHO. This is because it takes between two and 10 days before people who are infected become sick and develop a fever.
No. Vaccines against pneumonia, such as pneumococcal vaccine and Haemophilus influenza type B (Hib) vaccine, do not provide protection against the new coronavirus, says WHO. COVID-19 needs its own vaccine which is still being researched.
There is no evidence that regularly rinsing the nose with saline has protected people from infection with the new coronavirus.
While it is a healthy food, there is no evidence from the current outbreak that eating garlic has protected people from the new coronavirus.
People of all ages can be infected by the new coronavirus, but older people and people with pre-existing medical conditions (such as asthma, diabetes, heart disease) appear to be more vulnerable to becoming severely ill with the virus.
Antibiotics do not work against viruses, only bacteria.